org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentLicensesBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentLicensesBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentEmptyBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentEmptyBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ToolbarLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ToolbarLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/BaseListInfoFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListInfoFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/error/AcraReportSender.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.AcraReportSender
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playback/PlayerMediaSession.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.PlayerMediaSession
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/resolver/Resolver.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.Resolver
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasession/MediaSessionCallback.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasession.MediaSessionCallback
org/blayboy/newpipe/App.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.App
 org.blayboy.newpipe.App$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/SubscriptionsImportFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.SubscriptionsImportFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/model/SearchHistoryEntry.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.model.SearchHistoryEntry
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasource/ManagedMediaSourcePlaylist.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.ManagedMediaSourcePlaylist
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/kiosk/DefaultKioskFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.kiosk.DefaultKioskFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/SinglePlayQueue.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.SinglePlayQueue
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasource/FailedMediaSource.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.FailedMediaSource
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.FailedMediaSource$FailedMediaSourceException
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.FailedMediaSource$MediaSourceResolutionException
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.FailedMediaSource$StreamInfoLoadException
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SettingsNotificationActionBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SettingsNotificationActionBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasource/ManagedMediaSource.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.ManagedMediaSource
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/HistoryDisabledViewBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.HistoryDisabledViewBinding
us/shandian/giga/service/MissionState.java
 us.shandian.giga.service.MissionState
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/dialog/PlaylistCreationDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.dialog.PlaylistCreationDialog
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/SrtFromTtmlWriter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.SrtFromTtmlWriter
us/shandian/giga/io/FileStream.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.FileStream
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ItemInstanceBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ItemInstanceBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/PlayQueueEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.PlayQueueEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/RemotePlaylistGridItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.RemotePlaylistGridItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListPlaylistGridItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListPlaylistGridItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogPlaylistNameBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogPlaylistNameBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SingleChoiceDialogViewBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SingleChoiceDialogViewBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/HistorySettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.HistorySettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueueItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/PlaybackParameterDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlaybackParameterDialog
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlaybackParameterDialog$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlaybackParameterDialog$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlaybackParameterDialog$Callback
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/InstanceSpinnerLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.InstanceSpinnerLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/feed/dao/FeedGroupDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$10
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedGroupDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SettingsActivity
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/CustomBottomSheetBehavior.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.CustomBottomSheetBehavior
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/ContentSettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.ContentSettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/OnClickGesture.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.OnClickGesture
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/FilenameUtils.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.FilenameUtils
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/PlayerServiceExtendedEventListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.PlayerServiceExtendedEventListener
us/shandian/giga/ui/common/Deleter.java
 us.shandian.giga.ui.common.Deleter
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/NotificationConstants.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.NotificationConstants
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.NotificationConstants$Action
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PlayerBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PlayerBinding
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/WebMMuxer.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.WebMMuxer
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/feed/FeedFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.feed.FeedFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ToolbarSearchLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ToolbarSearchLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/EmptyFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.EmptyFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PlayerPopupCloseOverlayBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PlayerPopupCloseOverlayBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/Localization.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.Localization
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SettingsCategoryHeaderLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SettingsCategoryHeaderLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistStreamDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/services/BaseImportExportService.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.BaseImportExportService
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.BaseImportExportService$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/KioskTranslator.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.KioskTranslator
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/tabs/TabsManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.TabsManager
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.TabsManager$SavedTabsChangeListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FeedGroupReorderItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FeedGroupReorderItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/bookmark/BookmarkFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.bookmark.BookmarkFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/search/SuggestionListAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SuggestionListAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SuggestionListAdapter$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SuggestionListAdapter$OnSuggestionItemSelected
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SuggestionListAdapter$SuggestionItemHolder
us/shandian/giga/io/StoredFileHelper.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.StoredFileHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playback/CustomTrackSelector.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.CustomTrackSelector
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/HeaderDividerItemLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.HeaderDividerItemLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/DeviceUtils.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.DeviceUtils
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/PlayerState.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayerState
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalPlaylistGridItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalPlaylistGridItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/StreamQualityItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.StreamQualityItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SelectKioskFragmentBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SelectKioskFragmentBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListStreamGridItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListStreamGridItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/playlist/LocalPlaylistFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ItemSearchSuggestionBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ItemSearchSuggestionBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/stream/model/StreamStateEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.model.StreamStateEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/RemoveEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.RemoveEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/dao/SearchHistoryDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasession/PlayQueuePlaybackController.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasession.PlayQueuePlaybackController
org/blayboy/newpipe/ExitActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.ExitActivity
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/ChannelGridInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.ChannelGridInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalPlaylistItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalPlaylistItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/history/HistoryEntryAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.HistoryEntryAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.HistoryEntryAdapter$OnHistoryItemClickListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/Mp4DashReader.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Box
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Elst
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Hdlr
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Mdia
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Minf
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Moof
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Moov
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Mp4DashChunk
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Mp4DashSample
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Mp4Track
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Mvhd
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Tfhd
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Tkhd
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$TrackKind
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Traf
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Trak
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Trex
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$Trun
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4DashReader$TrunEntry
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListChannelMiniItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListChannelMiniItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/PlayerServiceBinder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayerServiceBinder
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/LocalItem.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.LocalItem
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.LocalItem$LocalItemType
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ServiceHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ServiceHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ItemStreamSegmentBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ItemStreamSegmentBinding
us/shandian/giga/service/DownloadManager.java
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManager
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManager$1
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManager$MissionItem
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManager$MissionIterator
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManager$NetworkState
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/LocalPlaylistHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.LocalPlaylistHeaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListChooseTabsDialogBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListChooseTabsDialogBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/services/ImportExportJsonHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.ImportExportJsonHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ItemSoftwareComponentBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ItemSoftwareComponentBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/feed/dao/FeedDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$10
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$11
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$12
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$13
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$14
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.feed.dao.FeedDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListPlaylistItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListPlaylistItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/services/ImportExportEventListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.ImportExportEventListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/custom/NotificationActionsPreference.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.custom.NotificationActionsPreference
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.custom.NotificationActionsPreference$NotificationSlot
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SelectKioskItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SelectKioskItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/AudioServiceLeakFix.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.AudioServiceLeakFix
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/dao/StreamHistoryDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/Mp4FromDashMuxer.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.Mp4FromDashMuxer
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/Postprocessing.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.Postprocessing
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/HeaderFooterHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.HeaderFooterHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueueItemTouchCallback.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueItemTouchCallback
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/LockManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.LockManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/ImageDownloader.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.ImageDownloader
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SettingsNotificationBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SettingsNotificationBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/PlaylistGridInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.PlaylistGridInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/WebMReader.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$Cluster
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$Element
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$Info
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$Segment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$SimpleBlock
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$TrackKind
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMReader$WebMTrack
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistDAO_Impl$8
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ItemSearchHistoryBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ItemSearchHistoryBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/PeertubeInstanceListFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.PeertubeInstanceListFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.PeertubeInstanceListFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.PeertubeInstanceListFragment$InstanceListAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.PeertubeInstanceListFragment$InstanceListAdapter$TabViewHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/BaseLocalListFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.BaseLocalListFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/DescriptionFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.DescriptionFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FeedItemCarouselBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FeedItemCarouselBinding
us/shandian/giga/get/DownloadMissionRecover.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMissionRecover
us/shandian/giga/ui/fragment/MissionsFragment.java
 us.shandian.giga.ui.fragment.MissionsFragment
 us.shandian.giga.ui.fragment.MissionsFragment$1
 us.shandian.giga.ui.fragment.MissionsFragment$2
com/google/android/material/appbar/FlingBehavior.java
 com.google.android.material.appbar.FlingBehavior
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/OnScrollBelowItemsListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.OnScrollBelowItemsListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/MainBgBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.MainBgBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/FocusAwareSeekBar.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusAwareSeekBar
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusAwareSeekBar$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusAwareSeekBar$NestedListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/CommentsMiniInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.CommentsMiniInfoItemHolder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.CommentsMiniInfoItemHolder$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistRemoteDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO
us/shandian/giga/io/CircularFileWriter.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.CircularFileWriter
 us.shandian.giga.io.CircularFileWriter$BufferedFile
 us.shandian.giga.io.CircularFileWriter$OffsetChecker
 us.shandian.giga.io.CircularFileWriter$WriteErrorHandle
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/StatisticPlaylistControlBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.StatisticPlaylistControlBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/OnKeyDownListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.OnKeyDownListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/LocalItemBuilder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.LocalItemBuilder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PickerSubscriptionItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PickerSubscriptionItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/StreamDialogEntry.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StreamDialogEntry
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StreamDialogEntry$StreamDialogEntryAction
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/OggFromWebmDemuxer.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.OggFromWebmDemuxer
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueueAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueAdapter$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueAdapter$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueAdapter$HFHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogFeedGroupCreateBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogFeedGroupCreateBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/AnimatedProgressBar.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.AnimatedProgressBar
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.AnimatedProgressBar$ProgressBarAnimation
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListEmptyViewBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListEmptyViewBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/dialog/PlaylistDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.dialog.PlaylistDialog
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/ReorderEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.ReorderEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/model/StreamHistoryEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.model.StreamHistoryEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/history/StatisticsPlaylistFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FeedGroupCardItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FeedGroupCardItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SettingsCategoryHeaderTitleBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SettingsCategoryHeaderTitleBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/ChannelInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.ChannelInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FeedImportExportGroupBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FeedImportExportGroupBinding
androidx/fragment/app/FragmentStatePagerAdapterMenuWorkaround.java
 androidx.fragment.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapterMenuWorkaround
 androidx.fragment.app.FragmentStatePagerAdapterMenuWorkaround$Behavior
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/PlayQueueActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.PlayQueueActivity$5
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/tabs/ChooseTabsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment$SelectedTabsAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.ChooseTabsFragment$SelectedTabsAdapter$TabViewHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListRadioIconItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListRadioIconItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/CommentTextOnTouchListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.CommentTextOnTouchListener
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/M4aNoDash.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.M4aNoDash
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/search/SuggestionItem.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SuggestionItem
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/history/HistoryRecordManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.HistoryRecordManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/subscription/SubscriptionEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ActivityDownloaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ActivityDownloaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ImageDisplayConstants.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ImageDisplayConstants
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/CustomCollapsingToolbarLayout.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.CustomCollapsingToolbarLayout
org/blayboy/newpipe/PanicResponderActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.PanicResponderActivity
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/FocusOverlayView.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusOverlayView
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusOverlayView$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusOverlayView$2
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/model/PlaylistEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.model.PlaylistEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/BuildConfig.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.BuildConfig
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/playlist/RemotePlaylistManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.RemotePlaylistManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/download/DownloadActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadActivity
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadActivity$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/InstanceSpinnerItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.InstanceSpinnerItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/MissionsHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.MissionsHeaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/InfoListAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoListAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoListAdapter$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoListAdapter$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoListAdapter$HFHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/tabs/Tab.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$BlankTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$ChannelTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$DefaultKioskTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$HistoryTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$KioskTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$PlaylistTab
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.Tab$Type
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/HeaderWithMenuItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.HeaderWithMenuItemBinding
us/shandian/giga/util/Utility.java
 us.shandian.giga.util.Utility
 us.shandian.giga.util.Utility$1
 us.shandian.giga.util.Utility$FileType
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/BaseStateFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.BaseStateFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/FocusAwareDrawerLayout.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusAwareDrawerLayout
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/stream/dao/StreamStateDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/stream/dao/StreamDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/SelectEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.SelectEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/PlaylistMetadataEntry.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.PlaylistMetadataEntry
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SelectChannelFragmentBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SelectChannelFragmentBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentPlaylistBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentPlaylistBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/urlfinder/PatternsCompat.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.urlfinder.PatternsCompat
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ActivityRecaptchaBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ActivityRecaptchaBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SelectChannelItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SelectChannelItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentVideoDetailBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentVideoDetailBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/ImportConfirmationDialog$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.ImportConfirmationDialog$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/InfoItemDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoItemDialog
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/NewPipeRecyclerView.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.NewPipeRecyclerView
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogBookmarkBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogBookmarkBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/resolver/MediaSourceTag.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.MediaSourceTag
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/VideoDetailFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/model/PlaylistStreamEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.model.PlaylistStreamEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PickerIconItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PickerIconItemBinding
us/shandian/giga/get/sqlite/FinishedMissionStore.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.sqlite.FinishedMissionStore
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/kiosk/KioskFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.kiosk.KioskFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/StreamMiniInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.StreamMiniInfoItemHolder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.StreamMiniInfoItemHolder$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/ChannelMiniInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.ChannelMiniInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DownloadDialogBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DownloadDialogBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/SubscriptionFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.SubscriptionFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlaylistPlayQueue.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlaylistPlayQueue
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ZipHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ZipHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/FocusAwareCoordinator.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.FocusAwareCoordinator
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentCommentsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentCommentsBinding
us/shandian/giga/ui/adapter/MissionAdapter.java
 us.shandian.giga.ui.adapter.MissionAdapter
 us.shandian.giga.ui.adapter.MissionAdapter$RecoverHelper
 us.shandian.giga.ui.adapter.MissionAdapter$ViewHolderHeader
 us.shandian.giga.ui.adapter.MissionAdapter$ViewHolderItem
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/InitEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.InitEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/dao/SearchHistoryDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.SearchHistoryDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/HeaderItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.HeaderItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/InfoItemBuilder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoItemBuilder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.InfoItemBuilder$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/MissionItemLinearBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.MissionItemLinearBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentAboutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentAboutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/RelatedItemsHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.RelatedItemsHeaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PlayQueueItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PlayQueueItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListStreamPlaylistGridItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListStreamPlaylistGridItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/PlaylistInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.PlaylistInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogFeedGroupReorderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogFeedGroupReorderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogTitleBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogTitleBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FeedGroupAddNewItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FeedGroupAddNewItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PlaylistHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PlaylistHeaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/FallbackViewHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.FallbackViewHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/PlaylistItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.PlaylistItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/LayoutManagerSmoothScroller.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.LayoutManagerSmoothScroller
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.LayoutManagerSmoothScroller$TopSnappedSmoothScroller
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentDescriptionBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentDescriptionBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentRelatedItemsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentRelatedItemsBinding
us/shandian/giga/io/SharpInputStream.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.SharpInputStream
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistRemoteDAO_Impl$8
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/resolver/AudioPlaybackResolver.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.AudioPlaybackResolver
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/BlankFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.BlankFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/Mp4FromDashWriter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4FromDashWriter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.Mp4FromDashWriter$TablesInfo
us/shandian/giga/ui/common/ProgressDrawable.java
 us.shandian.giga.ui.common.ProgressDrawable
us/shandian/giga/ui/common/ToolbarActivity.java
 us.shandian.giga.ui.common.ToolbarActivity
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DrawerHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DrawerHeaderBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/SliderStrategy.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SliderStrategy
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SliderStrategy$Quadratic
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalStatisticStreamGridItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalStatisticStreamGridItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalPlaylistStreamItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalPlaylistStreamItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ListHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ListHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SubscriptionImportExportItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SubscriptionImportExportItemBinding
us/shandian/giga/service/DownloadManagerService.java
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManagerService
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManagerService$1
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManagerService$2
 us.shandian.giga.service.DownloadManagerService$DownloadManagerBinder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/dialog/FeedGroupReorderDialog$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.dialog.FeedGroupReorderDialog$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/PlayerEventListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.PlayerEventListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/FilePickerActivityHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.FilePickerActivityHelper
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.FilePickerActivityHelper$CustomFilePickerFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/error/AcraReportSenderFactory.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.AcraReportSenderFactory
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/SelectPlaylistFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectPlaylistFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectPlaylistFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectPlaylistFragment$OnSelectedListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectPlaylistFragment$SelectPlaylistAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectPlaylistFragment$SelectPlaylistAdapter$SelectPlaylistItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/RelatedItemInfo.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.RelatedItemInfo
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/PlaylistLocalItem.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.PlaylistLocalItem
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListPlaylistMiniItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListPlaylistMiniItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/tabs/AddTabDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.AddTabDialog
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.AddTabDialog$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.AddTabDialog$ChooseTabListItem
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.AddTabDialog$DialogListAdapter
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/AppDatabase.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.AppDatabase
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ActivityErrorBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ActivityErrorBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/AppearanceSettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.AppearanceSettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasource/PlaceholderMediaSource.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.PlaceholderMediaSource
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/resolver/PlaybackResolver.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.PlaybackResolver
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/StreamGridInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.StreamGridInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/CacheFactory.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.CacheFactory
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/SecondaryStreamHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SecondaryStreamHelper
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SecondaryStreamHelper$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/LocalItemListAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.LocalItemListAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.LocalItemListAdapter$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.LocalItemListAdapter$2
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/MainFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.MainFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.MainFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.MainFragment$SelectedTabsPagerAdapter
us/shandian/giga/get/DownloadMission.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMission
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMission$1
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMission$Block
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMission$HttpError
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadMission$Lock
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/RecoveryEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.RecoveryEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/subscription/SubscriptionDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$10
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$11
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$12
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$13
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$14
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.subscription.SubscriptionDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.AppDatabase_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.AppDatabase_Impl$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/dialog/PlaylistAppendDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.dialog.PlaylistAppendDialog
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.dialog.PlaylistAppendDialog$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/SuperScrollLayoutManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.SuperScrollLayoutManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentChooseTabsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentChooseTabsBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/MainPlayer.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.MainPlayer
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.MainPlayer$LocalBinder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.MainPlayer$PlayerType
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentImportBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentImportBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/BackPressable.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.BackPressable
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/DataReader.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.DataReader
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.DataReader$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/BitmapUtils.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.BitmapUtils
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/SelectChannelFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment$OnCancelListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment$OnSelectedListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment$SelectChannelAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectChannelFragment$SelectChannelAdapter$SelectChannelItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/NewPipeSettings.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.NewPipeSettings
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/AppendEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.AppendEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ThemeHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ThemeHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/BaseListInfoFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListInfoFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/dao/PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.dao.PlaylistStreamDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/playlist/model/PlaylistRemoteEntity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.playlist.model.PlaylistRemoteEntity
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DrawerLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DrawerLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/HeaderWithTextItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.HeaderWithTextItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/history/StatisticsPlaylistFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.history.StatisticsPlaylistFragment$StatisticSortMode
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/channel/ChannelFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.channel.ChannelFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PlaylistControlBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PlaylistControlBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/MoveEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.MoveEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/TextLinkifier.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.TextLinkifier
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.TextLinkifier$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/BaseStateFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.BaseStateFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/NewPipeDatabase.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.NewPipeDatabase
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/PlayerDataSource.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerDataSource
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/MissionsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.MissionsBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/DescriptionFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.DescriptionFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/VideoAudioSettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.VideoAudioSettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ActivityPlayerQueueControlBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ActivityPlayerQueueControlBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListStreamMiniItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListStreamMiniItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/ExpandableSurfaceView.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.ExpandableSurfaceView
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/SubscriptionsImportFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.SubscriptionsImportFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasource/LoadedMediaSource.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasource.LoadedMediaSource
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/LargeTextMovementMethod.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.LargeTextMovementMethod
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/PignateFooterBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.PignateFooterBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/AudioReactor.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.AudioReactor
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.AudioReactor$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SelectPlaylistFragmentBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SelectPlaylistFragmentBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalStatisticStreamItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalStatisticStreamItemHolder
us/shandian/giga/io/ChunkFileInputStream.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.ChunkFileInputStream
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/tabs/TabsJsonHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.TabsJsonHelper
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.TabsJsonHelper$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.tabs.TabsJsonHelper$InvalidJsonException
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/io/SharpStream.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.io.SharpStream
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/search/SearchFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SearchFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/TabAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.TabAdapter
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/stream/dao/StreamStateDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.stream.dao.StreamStateDAO_Impl$8
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/StreamItemAdapter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StreamItemAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StreamItemAdapter$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StreamItemAdapter$StreamSizeWrapper
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/PlayerServiceEventListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.PlayerServiceEventListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/dialog/FeedGroupDialog$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.dialog.FeedGroupDialog$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/BaseListFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.BaseListFragment$5
us/shandian/giga/get/DownloadRunnable.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadRunnable
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogPlaylistsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogPlaylistsBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListStreamItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListStreamItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/ScrollableTabLayout.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.ScrollableTabLayout
us/shandian/giga/get/FinishedMission.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.FinishedMission
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ChannelHeaderBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ChannelHeaderBinding
us/shandian/giga/get/Mission.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.Mission
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ErrorPanelBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ErrorPanelBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/MissionItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.MissionItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentChannelBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentChannelBinding
us/shandian/giga/get/DownloadInitializer.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadInitializer
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/ViewContract.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.ViewContract
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/ListViewContract.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.ListViewContract
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/kiosk/KioskFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.kiosk.KioskFragment
us/shandian/giga/io/ProgressReport.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.ProgressReport
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/KoreUtil.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.KoreUtil
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/videos/RelatedItemsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.videos.RelatedItemsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/BasicDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.BasicDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/playlist/LocalPlaylistManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/PlayerHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHelper
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHelper$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHelper$AutoplayType
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHelper$MinimizeMode
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/LoadController.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.LoadController
org/blayboy/newpipe/error/UserAction.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.UserAction
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/ChannelPlayQueue.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.ChannelPlayQueue
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/ErrorEvent.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.ErrorEvent
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListCommentsItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListCommentsItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/playlist/PlaylistFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.playlist.PlaylistFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.playlist.PlaylistFragment$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/LocalPlaylistStreamGridItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.LocalPlaylistStreamGridItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playback/MediaSourceManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.MediaSourceManager
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.MediaSourceManager$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.MediaSourceManager$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.MediaSourceManager$ItemsToLoad
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/OggFromWebMWriter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.OggFromWebMWriter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.OggFromWebMWriter$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/DialogPlaybackParameterBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.DialogPlaybackParameterBinding
us/shandian/giga/postprocessing/TtmlConverter.java
 us.shandian.giga.postprocessing.TtmlConverter
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/bookmark/BookmarkFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.bookmark.BookmarkFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.bookmark.BookmarkFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.bookmark.BookmarkFragment$2
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/SelectKioskFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment$OnCancelListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment$OnSelectedListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment$SelectKioskAdapter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment$SelectKioskAdapter$Entry
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SelectKioskFragment$SelectKioskAdapter$SelectKioskItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/PermissionHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.PermissionHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/streams/WebMWriter.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMWriter
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMWriter$Block
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMWriter$ClusterInfo
 org.blayboy.newpipe.streams.WebMWriter$KeyFrame
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueueItemBuilder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueItemBuilder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueItemBuilder$OnSelectedListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListChooseTabsBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListChooseTabsBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentKioskBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentKioskBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListChannelGridItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListChannelGridItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/DownloadSettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.DownloadSettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/CookieUtils.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.CookieUtils
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/resolver/VideoPlaybackResolver.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.VideoPlaybackResolver
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.resolver.VideoPlaybackResolver$QualityResolver
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ShareUtils.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ShareUtils
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/dao/HistoryDAO.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.HistoryDAO
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentSubscriptionBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentSubscriptionBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/events/PlayQueueEventType.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.events.PlayQueueEventType
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/PlaylistMiniInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.PlaylistMiniInfoItemHolder
us/shandian/giga/get/DownloadRunnableFallback.java
 us.shandian.giga.get.DownloadRunnableFallback
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/mediasession/PlayQueueNavigator.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.mediasession.PlayQueueNavigator
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/SettingsLayoutBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.SettingsLayoutBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/StackItem.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.StackItem
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/playlist/LocalPlaylistFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.playlist.LocalPlaylistFragment$3
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/PeertubeHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.PeertubeHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/history/dao/StreamHistoryDAO_Impl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.history.dao.StreamHistoryDAO_Impl$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentBookmarksBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentBookmarksBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListChannelItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListChannelItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentInstanceListBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentInstanceListBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/CommentsInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.CommentsInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/detail/VideoDetailFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.detail.VideoDetailFragment$5
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/ImportConfirmationDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.ImportConfirmationDialog
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListCommentsMiniItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListCommentsMiniItemBinding
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/Converters.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.Converters
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueueItem.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueueItem
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/comments/CommentsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.comments.CommentsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/fragments/list/search/SearchFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SearchFragment
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SearchFragment$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SearchFragment$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.fragments.list.search.SearchFragment$3
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/holder/RemotePlaylistItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.holder.RemotePlaylistItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/databinding/ListStreamPlaylistItemBinding.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.databinding.ListStreamPlaylistItemBinding
us/shandian/giga/io/FileStreamSAF.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.FileStreamSAF
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/InfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.InfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playback/PlaybackListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playback.PlaybackListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/AbstractInfoPlayQueue.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.AbstractInfoPlayQueue
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.AbstractInfoPlayQueue$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.AbstractInfoPlayQueue$2
us/shandian/giga/io/StoredDirectoryHelper.java
 us.shandian.giga.io.StoredDirectoryHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/error/ErrorActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.ErrorActivity
org/blayboy/newpipe/download/DownloadDialog$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadDialog$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/RouterActivity$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/services/SubscriptionsExportService.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.SubscriptionsExportService
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.SubscriptionsExportService$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/error/ReCaptchaActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.ReCaptchaActivity
 org.blayboy.newpipe.error.ReCaptchaActivity$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/ExtractorHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.ExtractorHelper
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/playqueue/PlayQueue.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.playqueue.PlayQueue
org/blayboy/newpipe/RouterActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity$AdapterChoiceItem
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity$Choice
 org.blayboy.newpipe.RouterActivity$FetcherService
org/blayboy/newpipe/info_list/holder/StreamInfoItemHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.info_list.holder.StreamInfoItemHolder
org/blayboy/newpipe/local/subscription/services/SubscriptionsImportService.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.SubscriptionsImportService
 org.blayboy.newpipe.local.subscription.services.SubscriptionsImportService$1
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/MainSettingsFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.MainSettingsFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/DownloaderImpl.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.DownloaderImpl
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/event/PlayerGestureListener.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.event.PlayerGestureListener
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/BasePreferenceFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.BasePreferenceFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/Player.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$10
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$3
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$4
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$5
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$6
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$7
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$8
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.Player$9
org/blayboy/newpipe/settings/SettingMigrations.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SettingMigrations
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SettingMigrations$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SettingMigrations$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.settings.SettingMigrations$Migration
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/NotificationUtil.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.NotificationUtil
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/NavigationHelper.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.NavigationHelper
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.NavigationHelper$RunnableWithVideoDetailFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/database/Migrations.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.Migrations
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.Migrations$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.database.Migrations$2
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/MediaSessionManager.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.MediaSessionManager
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/CollapsibleView$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.CollapsibleView$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/BaseFragment.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.BaseFragment
org/blayboy/newpipe/download/DownloadDialog.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadDialog
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadDialog$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadDialog$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.download.DownloadDialog$3
org/blayboy/newpipe/BaseFragment$$Icepick.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.BaseFragment$$Icepick
org/blayboy/newpipe/views/CollapsibleView.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.CollapsibleView
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.CollapsibleView$StateListener
 org.blayboy.newpipe.views.CollapsibleView$ViewMode
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/TLSSocketFactoryCompat.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.TLSSocketFactoryCompat
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/InfoCache.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.InfoCache
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.InfoCache$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.InfoCache$CacheData
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/StateSaver.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StateSaver
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.StateSaver$WriteRead
org/blayboy/newpipe/util/SerializedCache.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SerializedCache
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SerializedCache$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.util.SerializedCache$CacheData
org/blayboy/newpipe/MainActivity.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.MainActivity
 org.blayboy.newpipe.MainActivity$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.MainActivity$2
 org.blayboy.newpipe.MainActivity$3
org/blayboy/newpipe/player/helper/PlayerHolder.java
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHolder
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHolder$1
 org.blayboy.newpipe.player.helper.PlayerHolder$2
